# Rust API for ecli-server-codegen

RESTFul APIs provided by ecli-server

## Overview

This client/server was generated by the [openapi-generator]
(https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the
[OpenAPI-Spec](https://github.com/OAI/OpenAPI-Specification) from a remote
server, you can easily generate a server stub.

To see how to make this your own, look here:

[README]((https://openapi-generator.tech))

- API version: 1.0.0
- Build date: 2023-04-28T06:24:47.374332051Z[Etc/UTC]



This autogenerated project defines an API crate `ecli-server-codegen` which contains:
* An `Api` trait defining the API in Rust.
* Data types representing the underlying data model.
* A `Client` type which implements `Api` and issues HTTP requests for each operation.
* A router which accepts HTTP requests and invokes the appropriate `Api` method for each operation.

It also contains an example server and client which make use of `ecli-server-codegen`:

* The example server starts up a web server using the `ecli-server-codegen`
    router, and supplies a trivial implementation of `Api` which returns failure
    for every operation.
* The example client provides a CLI which lets you invoke
    any single operation on the `ecli-server-codegen` client by passing appropriate
    arguments on the command line.

You can use the example server and client as a basis for your own code.
See below for [more detail on implementing a server](#writing-a-server).

## Examples

Run examples with:

```
cargo run --example <example-name>
```

To pass in arguments to the examples, put them after `--`, for example:

```
cargo run --example client -- --help
```

### Running the example server
To run the server, follow these simple steps:

```
cargo run --example server
```

### Running the example client
To run a client, follow one of the following simple steps:

```
cargo run --example client GetTaskList
```

### HTTPS
The examples can be run in HTTPS mode by passing in the flag `--https`, for example:

```
cargo run --example server -- --https
```

This will use the keys/certificates from the examples directory. Note that the
server chain is signed with `CN=localhost`.

## Using the generated library

The generated library has a few optional features that can be activated through Cargo.

* `server`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a server implementation based on hyper
    * To create the server stack you'll need to provide an implementation of the API trait to provide the server function.
* `client`
    * This defaults to enabled and creates the basic skeleton of a client implementation based on hyper
    * The constructed client implements the API trait by making remote API call.
* `conversions`
    * This defaults to disabled and creates extra derives on models to allow "transmogrification" between objects of structurally similar types.

See https://doc.rust-lang.org/cargo/reference/manifest.html#the-features-section for how to use features in your `Cargo.toml`.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost:8527*

Method | HTTP request | Description
------------- | ------------- | -------------
[**getTaskList**](docs/default_api.md#getTaskList) | **GET** /task | Get list of running tasks
[**getTaskLogByID**](docs/default_api.md#getTaskLogByID) | **POST** /log | get log
[**pauseTaskByID**](docs/default_api.md#pauseTaskByID) | **POST** /pause | Pause a task by id
[**resumeTaskByID**](docs/default_api.md#resumeTaskByID) | **POST** /resume | Resume a task by id
[**startTask**](docs/default_api.md#startTask) | **POST** /task | Start a new task
[**stopTaskByID**](docs/default_api.md#stopTaskByID) | **POST** /stop | Stop a task by id


## Documentation For Models

 - [GeneralError](docs/GeneralError.md)
 - [GetTaskLogRequest](docs/GetTaskLogRequest.md)
 - [GetTaskLogResponseInner](docs/GetTaskLogResponseInner.md)
 - [GetTaskLogResponseInnerLog](docs/GetTaskLogResponseInnerLog.md)
 - [LogType](docs/LogType.md)
 - [ProgramType](docs/ProgramType.md)
 - [SimpleIdRequest](docs/SimpleIdRequest.md)
 - [StartTask200Response](docs/StartTask200Response.md)
 - [StartTaskRequest](docs/StartTaskRequest.md)
 - [TaskListResponse](docs/TaskListResponse.md)
 - [TaskListResponseTasksInner](docs/TaskListResponseTasksInner.md)
 - [TaskStatus](docs/TaskStatus.md)


## Documentation For Authorization
 Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author



